README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">📱 Mobile App Development - Semester Repository</h1>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Active-blue" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Semester-5th-orange" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Languages-Java%20%7C%20Kotlin-yellow" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform-AndroidStudio-brightgreen" />
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  This repository is dedicated to all case study work, assignments, and development related to the Mobile App Development course for the current semester at <strong>C.V. Raman Global University</strong>.
</p>

---

## 📌 Purpose

This repo will serve as a **central hub** for:
- 📁 Project planning & brainstorming  
- 💻 App development (Android - Java/XML or Kotlin)  
- 📝 Weekly logs or updates  
- 🧾 Case study report(s)  
- 🖼️ Screenshots and documentation  

---

## 🔧 Tech Stack

- **Languages:** Java or Kotlin  
- **UI:** XML  
- **IDE:** Android Studio  
- **Others:** Firebase, SQLite, Git  

---

## 👩‍💻 Maintainer
- **Doyel Mishra**
- 🎓 B.Tech CSE, C.V. Raman Global University  
- 📫 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/doyel-mishra) | [GitHub](https://github.com/doyelmishra)

---

## 🗂️ Repo Structure (To be created)

```bash
├── app/                   # Source code for the mobile app
├── assets/                # Screenshots, logos, media
├── docs/                  # Weekly logs, wireframes, etc.
├── report/                # Final case study report
├── README.md              # Project info (you’re here!)

Commit message:

Add project overview for Airplane Dimension Generator
Added project description for Airplane Dimension Generator.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">📱 Mobile App Development - Semester Repository</h1>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Active-blue" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Semester-5th-orange" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Languages-Java%20%7C%20Kotlin-yellow" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform-AndroidStudio-brightgreen" />
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  This repository is dedicated to all case study work, assignments, and development related to the Mobile App Development course for the current semester at <strong>C.V. Raman Global University</strong>.
</p>

---

## 📌 Purpose

This repo will serve as a **central hub** for:
- 📁 Project planning & brainstorming  
- 💻 App development (Android - Java/XML or Kotlin)  
- 📝 Weekly logs or updates  
- 🧾 Case study report(s)  
- 🖼️ Screenshots and documentation  

---

## 🔧 Tech Stack

- **Languages:** Java or Kotlin  
- **UI:** XML  
- **IDE:** Android Studio  
- **Others:** Firebase, SQLite, Git  

---

## 🛫 Airplane Dimension Generator

This project focuses on creating a mobile app that generates airplane dimensions based on user requirements. It also includes 3D visualization of the airplane model, allowing interactive rotation, scaling, and basic animations, giving a game-like experience within the app. The app is developed using Kotlin and Android Studio.

---

## 👩‍💻 Maintainer
- **Doyel Mishra**
- 🎓 B.Tech CSE, C.V. Raman Global University  
- 📫 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/doyel-mishra) | [GitHub](https://github.com/doyelmishra)

---

## 🗂️ Repo Structure (To be created)

```bash
├── app/                   # Source code for the mobile app
├── assets/                # Screenshots, logos, media
├── docs/                  # Weekly logs, wireframes, etc.
├── report/                # Final case study report
├── README.md              # Project info (you’re here!)
